Kept README up-to-date (#1472)
ember-learn/guides-source: README.md

## Ember Guides Source [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ember-learn/guides-source.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ember-learn/guides-source)
# Ember Guides Source

This repository contains the written content
for the [Ember.js Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com).
Here, contributors can file issues and submit PRs to
help improve the learning experience of other developers.
This repository contains the written content for the [Ember.js Guides](https://guides.emberjs.com). Contributors can file issues and submit pull requests (PRs) to help improve everyone's learning experience.

Looking for repositories for the other parts of [emberjs.com](https://emberjs.com)? Check out the [website](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website), [ember-api-docs](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-api-docs), [super-rentals tutorial](https://github.com/ember-learn/super-rentals), [statusboard](https://github.com/ember-learn/statusboard), [deprecation-app](https://github.com/ember-learn/deprecation-app), and [styleguide](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-styleguide).

Looking for repositories for the other parts of [emberjs.com](https://emberjs.com)?
Check out

> [website](https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website),

Reviewer: What is the rationale behind the spacing changes here?

Author: Hmm, good question. In general, in this PR, I preferred to not break a sentence midway (I assumed, by number of characters).

For the list of links, I did think not breaking the sentence can make it harder to separate the links from the rest of the sentence in Markdown.

I'm not sure which of the following would be preferred by many:

- Break out the links from the sentence (current)
- Don't break the sentence (proposed change)
- Make an actual list

Reviewer: I don't really have a preference. I would be curious what others things is best.

Author: Yeah. Let's revert the style to what it was before (a new line per link). If someone doesn't like the style, we can ask them to open an issue for further discussion.

## Project layout

> The Ember Guides content are written in Markdown. Each minor version of Ember has its own directory within `/guides`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ember Guides content is written in Markdown. Each minor version of Ember has its own directory within `/guides`.
```

First-time contributors are encouraged to choose issues that are labeled
"help wanted" or "good for new contributors." If you have questions or
want a buddy to pair with, you can join the
[dev-ember-learning channel](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/480777444203429888)
in the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS).
Welcome and thanks for your help!

First-time contributors are encouraged to look at issues that are labeled **help wanted** or **good first issue**. If you have questions or want a buddy to pair with, you can join the [#dev-ember-learning channel](https://discordapp.com/channels/480462759797063690/480777444203429888) in the [Ember Community Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/zT3asNS).

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for additional instructions on how to format your work and submit a PR.

## Project layout

The Guides content takes the form of Markdown files (just like most READMEs).
Each minor version of Ember has its own directory within `/guides/`.
Pull requests should make edits to only the contents of the `guides/release` directory,
which is the latest deployed version of the guides.

> The exception is that PRs to fix broken links in older versions of the guides are ok.

Reviewer: Do we no longer want to let people know about this exception?

Author: My bad, the diffs make it hard to find a content after change. Line 30, after the changes, shows the exception for broken links. I think that's the exception that you were referring to, right?

ember serve
```

Afterwards, visit [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) on your browser.

Note: On Mac, if you get the error `Error: EMFILE: too many open files, watch`, try installing Watchman. Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) if you don't have it. Then, in your terminal, run `brew install watchman`.

## Running tests

Use `npm test` to run tests locally. In addition to the Ember app, we check for broken links.

```bash
npm test
```

### Linting and spellchecking

The guides are spellchecked and linted for Markdown consistency. You can check your edits by running,

```bash
npm run lint:md
```

### Internal and external links

> You can find broken internal (relative) and external links by running 3 commands:

Reviewer: I'm not sure I consider this an improvement from the original wording. I'm fine with either. I do think any numbers less than 10 should be written out though, i.e. `three` instead of `3`.

Author: Yeah, looking at the changes side-by-side, I think the previous one reads better.

```suggestion
Testing of internal and external links can be performed using 3 commands:
```

```bash

> # Check all internal links across all versions of the Guides

Reviewer: We seem to have lost some info from what was originally written. Is the additional context no longer relevant?

Author: Yeah, I didn't feel confident with updating this section.

I think my updated comments for `npm run test:node-local` and `npm run test:node-local-exclude-api-urls` are correct.

I'm not sure if I understood the current comment for `npm run test:node` correctly. The part ``runs all ither test scripts in the `node-tests` directory`` didn't make sense to me. Do you, by chance, understand what this script would do?

Reviewer: I believe `ither` is a typo and should be `other`. I think it runs all tests in the `node-tests` directory.

Author: Haha, that makes more sense. I kept reading it as `either` and couldn't understand what the command does. I'll update the comment for the command later at lunch.

ember serve
```

> Afterwards, visit [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) on your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, visit [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) in your browser.
```

Afterwards, visit [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200) on your browser.

Note: On Mac, if you get the error `Error: EMFILE: too many open files, watch`, try installing Watchman. Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) if you don't have it. Then, in your terminal, run `brew install watchman`.

Note: If you get an error on macOS mentioning `"Error: EMFILE: too many open files, watch"`, try installing Watchman. Install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) if you don't have it. Then in you terminal `brew install watchman`.

## Running tests

Use `npm` to run tests instead of `ember`, since we have additional
tests like spellchecking that are not part of The Ember app's tests.
Use `npm test` to run tests locally. In addition to the Ember app, we check for broken links.

```
npm install
```bash
npm test
```

### Linting and spellchecking

> The guides are spellchecked and linted for Markdown consistency. You can test your contributions by running `npm run lint:md`. Linting and spellchecking must pass or they will fail in Travis-CI.  See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on linting and spellchecking.

Reviewer: I think this is relevant info about where to find the info on the lint and spellchecking.

Author: Sounds good. I added the last 2 paragraphs back.

> Testing of internal and external links can be performed using 3 commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing of internal and external links can be performed using three commands:
```
